well we've seen another bloody day on  cryptocurrencies and it seems like that  is getting to the majority of the market  a lot of people are getting really  triggered by the markets going down i  could see that clearly from yesterday's  video normally there's one or two  percent dislikes typical that's what you  would expect on every other video but  yesterday 93  likes so thank you very much for you  guys for hitting that like button three  thousand on that but we did get an extra  about five percent of people getting  extremely triggered from the video that  i mentioned  bitcoin crashed i sold my crypto and to  talk about selling at any points when  the market is still up in the disbelief  stage it gets a lot of backlash and for  me a 50 level this is a major level says  get  out get some of your majority of  position off to protect it because if 50  break down this is a weaker section of  the market because of my age though i  can be very risky with my investments so  my net worth at the current moment is  somewhere around  350 400 000 i i probably would have to  go tally it all up exactly but it's  somewhere around that level this is just  something i've been thinking about  lately and i just wanted to put it on  video real quick i know there's a short  video but i just wanted to make this  point for me i'm already so sold on  bitcoin that i would bet anything in  fact i have i've bet most of my net  worth over 80 of my net worth on bitcoin  so what's my plan how am i getting to a  million dollars well it's pretty simple  at least the primary plan primary plan  is to not care at all about everybody's  emotional scariness and telling me that  i'm an idiot and having money in the  cryptocurrency market i truly believe  that bitcoin will be past six figures  relatively soon  [Music]  now where we are right now i think that  bitcoin will be able to get to a hundred  thousand dollars within the next six  months basically my plan is that i'm  going to sell about 40 to 60 of my  bitcoin as we hit certain price targets  with bitcoin so somewhere around 100 000  in bitcoin 100 000 like bitcoin price  target i'll have sold maybe about half a  bitcoin i think a lot of people were  expecting the bull run to be over a lot  of people were seeing 64 65k as the top  and thought that we were just kind of  playing the sandbox and then we were  going to be going down into a multiple  year bear market now obviously that's  not happening i can be very risky with  my investments but i can't give you  investment advice and i can't tell you  to yolo all your money into bitcoin like  guaranteeing that it's going to go up  past the all-time high but that has been  my conviction and that is where i've put  my money this isn't just me making up  stuff this is over 100 years of  experience and  tested rules and signals from these guys  i'm just an amateur learning how to use  these rules myself and then sharing them  online because i'm learning more by  sharing them as well it's kind of like  everything in life you can't really  expect to be good at anything straight  away from the beginning it takes time to  learn a new skill and investing and  trading is just like any other skill you  need to put time and effort into  learning how to do it seeing your  portfolio go from 32 000 all the way  down to 8 000  is not very fun so around this point i  decided to panic sell the ngo  microvision  and i put half of it into bitcoin stocks  now at the time elon musk had just  tweeted that tesla is going to accept  bitcoin for payment  and bitcoin shot up to over sixty  thousand and  your boy genius investing daniel right  here decided to put half his remaining  money which had just plummeted by over  50 already i put the remaining of that  into bitcoin stocks which then i think  yeah bitcoin crashed because tesla then  elon musk then changed his mind he said  oh wait we're not going to accept  bitcoin anymore then china also clamps  down on bitcoin mining  crypto crashed and so did my portfolio  crashed even more i i haven't pulled out  any bitcoin during that that dip all the  way down to 30k something like that  during this last three four months i  think in november we're gonna be above  98k i think in december we're gonna be  above 135 now here's where it gets  interesting though where does it go  after that is 135k the top  why why  why  why why plan b has said in the past that  he has two different stock to flow  models stock to flow and then stock to  flow x we have plan b you know shouting  from the rooftops that we're going over  100k guaranteed by december he predicts  that it'll go to 288k  at the top and in a podcast he did i  listened he said that that's just what  the model predicts will be the top side  but he believes when euphoria is kicking  in when fomo is kicking in that that top  target will actually be exceeded during  the blow off top and will go above 288k  to then quickly you know crash correct  and then go down right so right off  right at the bat from the horse's mouth  that everybody is listening to the horse  he thinks in his opinion and he's  putting his rep you know reputation up  on it 288k is in the bag he didn't say  when so probably in january maybe  february  so many of you have purchased bitcoin  because i've talked about it so openly  and i'm getting a lot of messages and  dms and comments of you guys saying like  i bought it 30k i trusted you and now  i'm i've seen so much profit and it  makes me super happy  [Music]